{"links": {"self": {"href": "data/repositories/osrf/drcsim/issues/344/comments/6487009.json"}, "html": {"href": "#!/osrf/drcsim/issues/344#comment-6487009"}}, "issue": {"links": {"self": {"href": "data/repositories/osrf/drcsim/issues/344.json"}}, "type": "issue", "id": 344, "repository": {"links": {"self": {"href": "data/repositories/osrf/drcsim.json"}, "html": {"href": "#!/osrf/drcsim"}, "avatar": {"href": "data/bytebucket.org/ravatar/{247b5408-ae91-4e3c-b2f9-a21994658d11}ts=c_plus_plus"}}, "type": "repository", "name": "drcsim", "full_name": "osrf/drcsim", "uuid": "{247b5408-ae91-4e3c-b2f9-a21994658d11}"}, "title": "Fix topic names to match hardware"}, "content": {"raw": "I expect that some teams (I know we have) remapped these topics on the sensor side, so changing this will break their setups. If it is decided that this gets pushed into default, it should be announced loud and clear.", "markup": "markdown", "html": "<p>I expect that some teams (I know we have) remapped these topics on the sensor side, so changing this will break their setups. If it is decided that this gets pushed into default, it should be announced loud and clear.</p>", "type": "rendered"}, "created_on": "2013-10-16T08:54:33.095456+00:00", "user": {"display_name": "Stefan Kohlbrecher", "uuid": "{db06b03e-7b31-4483-9018-534df5bd723f}", "links": {"self": {"href": "https://api.bitbucket.org/2.0/users/%7Bdb06b03e-7b31-4483-9018-534df5bd723f%7D"}, "html": {"href": "https://bitbucket.org/%7Bdb06b03e-7b31-4483-9018-534df5bd723f%7D/"}, "avatar": {"href": "data/secure.gravatar.com/avatar/414f1c364e6406dde31a6ef70fbd3d21d=httpsavatar-management--avatars.us-west-2.prod.public.atl-paas.netinitialsSK-6.png"}}, "nickname": "Stefan_Kohlbrecher", "type": "user", "account_id": "557058:e39b6a62-9eb0-45ca-b27e-4f6445009d3f"}, "updated_on": null, "type": "issue_comment", "id": 6487009}